# Hi there 👋
Welcome to the `NCCU Data Science 111-2` course, where you will learn about the concepts and techniques used in data analysis and modeling using the R programming language. This course covers a range of topics, from data exploration and visualization to machine learning algorithms and deep learning models. Whether you are new to data science or have some prior experience, this course is designed to help you advance your skills and knowledge.

By the end of this course, you will be able to:

- Data Science Basic Concepts and Techniques
- Perform data exploration and visualization using R
- Build and evaluate predictive models using machine learning algorithms in R
- Communicate your findings and insights effectively to a non-technical audience
- Learn to use the github platform and create a project of your own on github

## Assignments
||Title|Challenge|Open|Due|Link|
|-|-|-|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|HW1|Familiar with R basics & submit homework on github|⭐|02/16|03/09|[🔗](https://classroom.github.com/a/iiu49CN9)|
|HW2|Evalute a mode for predicting loans that are about to default|⭐⭐|03/02|03/16||
|HW3|Predict protein subcellular localization|⭐⭐⭐|03/16|03/30||
|HW4|Interactive web service of PCA and CA analysis by Shinyapp|⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐|04/06|04/20|
|HW5|Titanic: Machine Learning from Disaster|⭐⭐⭐|04/27|05/11||
|HW6|GiveMeSomeCredit|⭐⭐⭐⭐|05/18|06/01||
|HW7|Kaggle competition|⭐⭐⭐⭐|06/01|06/15||

_Note: The star rating is based on the TA's subjective perception_

## About final project
The final project of this course calls for students from different departments to work together and implement a data science project. The project topic can be sourced from government public data, Kaggle, or public competitions. Each group of students is expected to thoroughly organize the project into a complete and public github repository, and communicate effectively with their classmates.

## Over All
We are confident that you will find this course both challenging and rewarding, and that you will emerge with a solid foundation in data science using the R programming language. So, let's dive in and start learning!

You can find more information here → [1112.Data Science 資料科學](https://www.changlabtw.com/1112-datascience.html)

--- 
_Note: This introduction was generated by [OpenAI's ChatGPT model](https://chat.openai.com/chat) and modified by TA._
